added the --soloBarcodeReadLength 0 to the STARSolo task (#425)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_single_nucleus/SmartSeq2SingleNucleus.changelog.md

# 1.0.3
2021-09-10 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Added the option "--soloBarcodeReadLength 0" to ignore Barcode + UBI read of incorrect length and has no impact on the current workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the option "--soloBarcodeReadLength 0" STARsoloFastq task to support alignment in Optimus. This change has no impact on SmartSeq2SingleNucleus
```
